alright guys i'm going to show you super
jump on monocle heroes or RDS let me
just get there we go i don't know if you
can see but you can you'll know what you
you know alright well start it forget it
right it's actually really hard it's
hard to do so don't rush show it it's on
this level the ice one keep shooting
keep on going maybe like for 10 seconds
to something and your weapon do that one
and then I would use the green one
better leverage so then you could go
yeah and boom there you go that's how
you do it let me show you again you can
either shoot down there jump in there
you go I'll show you different angles of
it like for example try to ok so you can
see that
hmm is that over there oh well all
right sit there jump in and you can look
over there and back up no please
subscribe comment or anything less
please I'm begging you and don't comment
all those bad stuff okay because I just
found this out ah I'll maybe do another
video explaining about this maybe I
don't know it gives me time to cope
publish it so hold on hold on now go on
alright well see you guys there oh wait
wait oh yeah i'll put another i want to
show you uh yeah okay on my next video
I'll show you a way to get out of the
level on with your passage well not
really out of Louisville like a thing
okay bye I gotta go okay thanks for
watching guys it's on the d/s though so
it's going to be a little bad Ewing I
don't know if I might do it if if this
video looks good I think I might do it
for nothing sorry